Captain Ip
I'm not Captain Ip.
My name is Zhao Xue Linh.
He won't care about you.
I'll take you back to the interview.
Thank you.
Color has power.
You are polite.
I don't know if you want to see the back door.
I don't want him to just get married.
Looks like I have to chase.
Everybody pay a little attention.
This is the new intern, Lin Tinh.
People later take care of more.
Always hated me.
Why ghosts don't melt
You get used to it first.
Dream, what's wrong with you?
Oh.
Lin Qin clearly did not pass the interview
Maybe it's because he and Chief Zhao have a good relationship.
I admire his charm.
He's this kind of person again.
The night captain's looking for you.
Why is he looking for me so late?
So who knows?
Maybe he likes you.